here's three ways to make it harder to
die grip strength you might not need to
swing through trees but a strong grip
can keep you from falling and you know
unal living number two balance you don't
need to be able to do a dragon squat but
you should be comfortable enough in your
own body that you're not falling all the
time and you do that by practicing
movement as often as possible and lastly
you should be able to outrun any bad
situation notice how none of these
skills require you to be jacked muscles
are helpful but not the answer to every
situation ation so would you rather be
jacked or would you rather stay flexxy